docs: Edited to remove jargon in Reference, Glossary, and Style sections (#42187)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/glossary.md

Angular supplies a number of built-in directives that begin with the `ng` prefix.
You can also create new directives to implement your own functionality.

> You associate a *selector* (an HTML tag such as `<my-directive>`) with a custom directive, thereby extending the [template syntax](guide/template-syntax) that you can use in your applications.

Reviewer: `thereby` is a pretty uncommon word too??

Author: ```suggestion
You associate a *selector* (an HTML tag such as `<my-directive>`) with a custom directive; this extends the [template syntax](guide/template-syntax) that you can use in your applications.
```
